[docs] Create better navigation on index (#2658)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/index.mdx

    <br>
</p>

# 🤗 Diffusers

> 🤗 Diffusers is the go-to library for state-of-the-art pretrained diffusion models for generating images, audio, and even 3D structures of molecules. Whether you're looking for a simple inference solution or training your own diffusion models, 🤗 Diffusers is a modular toolbox that supports both. Our library is designed with a focus on [usability over performance](conceptual/philosophy#usability-over-performance), [simple over easy](conceptual/philosophy#simple-over-easy), and [customizability over abstractions](conceptual/philosophy#tweakable-contributorfriendly-over-abstraction).

Reviewer: Damn, this reads so good!

🤗 Diffusers offers three core components:

- State-of-the-art [diffusion pipelines](api/pipelines/overview) that can be run in inference with just a few lines of code.

> - Interchangeable noise [schedulers](api/schedulers/overview) for different diffusion speeds and output quality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Interchangeable [ noise schedulers](api/schedulers/overview) for balancing trade-offs between generation speed and quality.
```

    </a>
    <a class="!no-underline border dark:border-gray-700 p-5 rounded-lg shadow hover:shadow-lg" href="./conceptual/philosophu"
      ><div class="w-full text-center bg-gradient-to-br from-pink-400 to-pink-500 rounded-lg py-1.5 font-semibold mb-5 text-white text-lg leading-relaxed">Conceptual guides</div>
      <p class="text-gray-700">Get more context behind why the library was designed the way it was, and learn more about the ethical guidelines and safety implementations for using the library.</p>
   </a>
    <a class="!no-underline border dark:border-gray-700 p-5 rounded-lg shadow hover:shadow-lg" href="./api/models"
      ><div class="w-full text-center bg-gradient-to-br from-purple-400 to-purple-500 rounded-lg py-1.5 font-semibold mb-5 text-white text-lg leading-relaxed">Reference</div>
      <p class="text-gray-700">Technical descriptions of how 🤗 Diffusers classes and methods work.</p>
    </a>
  </div>
</div>

## Supported pipelines

> | Pipeline | Paper | Tasks |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Pipeline | Paper / Repository | Tasks |
```

For audio diffusion, we provide a link to the original repository.

|---|---|:---:|

> | [alt_diffusion](./api/pipelines/alt_diffusion) | [**AltDiffusion**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.06679) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [alt_diffusion](./api/pipelines/alt_diffusion) | [AltCLIP: Altering the Language Encoder in CLIP for Extended Language Capabilities](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.06679) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |
```

I believe providing full names of the papers is more informative and reduces the chances of any confusion.

Author: Wow, thanks so much for going through the list and providing the full names!

| [audio_diffusion](./api/pipelines/audio_diffusion) | [**Audio Diffusion**](https://github.com/teticio/audio-diffusion.git) | Unconditional Audio Generation |

> | [controlnet](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/controlnet) | [**ControlNet with Stable Diffusion**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.05543) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [controlnet](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/controlnet) | [Adding Conditional Control to Text-to-Image Diffusion Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.05543) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |
```

> | [cycle_diffusion](./api/pipelines/cycle_diffusion) | [**Cycle Diffusion**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.05559) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [cycle_diffusion](./api/pipelines/cycle_diffusion) | [Unifying Diffusion Models' Latent Space, with Applications to CycleDiffusion and Guidance](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.05559) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |
```

> | [dance_diffusion](./api/pipelines/dance_diffusion) | [**Dance Diffusion**](https://github.com/williamberman/diffusers.git) | Unconditional Audio Generation |

Reviewer: We already have mentioned it above, no? Can be removed, I guess?

| [score_sde_vp](./api/pipelines/score_sde_vp) | [**Score-Based Generative Modeling through Stochastic Differential Equations**](https://openreview.net/forum?id=PxTIG12RRHS) | Unconditional Image Generation |
| [semantic_stable_diffusion](./api/pipelines/semantic_stable_diffusion) | [**Semantic Guidance**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2301.12247) | Text-Guided Generation |
| [stable_diffusion_text2img](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/text2img) | [**Stable Diffusion**](https://stability.ai/blog/stable-diffusion-public-release) | Text-to-Image Generation |
| [stable_diffusion_img2img](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/img2img) | [**Stable Diffusion**](https://stability.ai/blog/stable-diffusion-public-release) | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |
| [stable_diffusion_inpaint](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/inpaint) | [**Stable Diffusion**](https://stability.ai/blog/stable-diffusion-public-release) | Text-Guided Image Inpainting |
| [stable_diffusion_panorama](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/panorama) | [**MultiDiffusion**](https://multidiffusion.github.io/) | Text-to-Panorama Generation |

> | [stable_diffusion_pix2pix](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/pix2pix) | [**InstructPix2Pix**](https://github.com/timothybrooks/instruct-pix2pix) | Text-Guided Image Editing|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [stable_diffusion_pix2pix](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/pix2pix) | [InstructPix2Pix: Learning to Follow Image Editing Instructions](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.09800) | Text-Guided Image Editing|
```

| [stable_diffusion_pix2pix_zero](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/pix2pix_zero) | [**Zero-shot Image-to-Image Translation**](https://pix2pixzero.github.io/) | Text-Guided Image Editing |

> | [stable_diffusion_attend_and_excite](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/attend_and_excite) | [**Attend and Excite for Stable Diffusion**](https://attendandexcite.github.io/Attend-and-Excite/) | Text-to-Image Generation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [stable_diffusion_attend_and_excite](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/attend_and_excite) | [Attend-and-Excite: Attention-Based Semantic Guidance for Text-to-Image Diffusion Models](https://arxiv.org/abs/2301.13826) | Text-to-Image Generation |
```

> | [stable_diffusion_self_attention_guidance](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/self_attention_guidance) | [**Self-Attention Guidance**](https://ku-cvlab.github.io/Self-Attention-Guidance) | Text-to-Image Generation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [stable_diffusion_self_attention_guidance](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/self_attention_guidance) | [Improving Sample Quality of Diffusion Models Using Self-Attention Guidance](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.00939) | Text-to-Image Generation |
```

| [stable_diffusion_2](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion_2) | [**Stable Diffusion 2**](https://stability.ai/blog/stable-diffusion-v2-release) | Text-Guided Image Inpainting |
| [stable_diffusion_2](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion_2) | [**Depth-Conditional Stable Diffusion**](https://github.com/Stability-AI/stablediffusion#depth-conditional-stable-diffusion) | Depth-to-Image Generation |
| [stable_diffusion_2](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion_2) | [**Stable Diffusion 2**](https://stability.ai/blog/stable-diffusion-v2-release) | Text-Guided Super Resolution Image-to-Image |
| [stable_diffusion_safe](./api/pipelines/stable_diffusion_safe) | [**Safe Stable Diffusion**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.05105) | Text-Guided Generation |
| [stable_unclip](./stable_unclip) | **Stable unCLIP** | Text-to-Image Generation |
| [stable_unclip](./stable_unclip) | **Stable unCLIP** | Image-to-Image Text-Guided Generation |
| [stochastic_karras_ve](./api/pipelines/stochastic_karras_ve) | [**Elucidating the Design Space of Diffusion-Based Generative Models**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.00364) | Unconditional Image Generation |

> | [unclip](./api/pipelines/unclip) | [Hierarchical Text-Conditional Image Generation with CLIP Latents](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.06125) | Text-to-Image Generation |

Reviewer: UnCLIP comes from KakaoBrain, right? I think we should definitely put a mention here maybe as a footnote.

Cc: @patrickvonplaten

Author: Added a brief note and link to the kakaobrain [unCLIP implementation](https://github.com/kakaobrain/karlo) :)
